Previously, various other sensor fusion techniques have been developed. They are 
1) Kalman Filter
Invented as far back as 1960, the Kalman filter is present in our smartphones and satellites, and commonly used for navigation purposes. Its
purpose is to estimate the current state of a dynamic system (although it can also estimate the past, known as smoothing, and the future, 
known as prediction.The Kalman filter is a form of a Bayesian filter. In Bayesian filtering, the algorithm alternates between the prediction (an estimate of what the current state is) 
and the update (the observations of the sensors).

2) Convolutional Neural Networks

In deep learning, a convolutional neural network (CNN, or ConvNet) is a class of artificial neural network,
most commonly applied to analyze visual imagery.They are also known as shift invariant or space invariant artificial neural networks
(SIANN), based on the shared-weight architecture of the convolution kernels or filters that slide along input features and provide 
translation equivariant responses known as feature maps. CNNs are regularized versions of multilayer perceptron and were inspired by
biological processes.

3) Bayesian Networks

A Bayesian network is a probabilistic graphical model that represents a set of variables and their conditional dependencies via a directed
acyclic graph (DAG). Bayesian networks are ideal for taking an event that occurred and predicting the likelihood that any one of several 
possible known causes was the contributing factor.

3) Dempster Shafer  

The theory of belief functions, also referred to as evidence theory or Dempster–Shafer theory (DST), is a general framework for reasoning 
with uncertainty, with understood connections to other frameworks such as probability, possibility and imprecise probability theories.
The theory allows one to combine evidence from different sources and arrive at a degree of belief (represented by a mathematical object 
called belief function) that takes into account all the available evidence.

4) Central Limit Theorem
In probability theory, the central limit theorem (CLT) establishes that, in many situations, when independent random variables are summed 
up, their properly normalized sum tends toward a normal distribution (informally a bell curve) even if the original variables themselves
are not normally distributed.
